Chris I think there are a few more
advanced video features that we wanted
to go through yep I think there's a
couple of things and one of the most
advanced things about the audio/video
system on the video side is the blu-ray
player right this is how you play your
movies ah yes
not even just movies but this is also
where you would play your CDs oh okay
anything that is disc media based
whether it be a DVD a blu-ray or a CD
will play in this one because this is
the only thing that actually has a tray
great everything well the first thing
you want to do obviously is turn it on
and it's got the power buttons over here
to the right it'll probably go into a
load now we don't have anything in there
so what you want to do is you hit the
eject button just that little up arrow
and then here I have the little safety
program that comes with your Airstream
trailer this is a DVD we're gonna set
that in there and we're gonna hit close
and now while this is loading up move
over to the television now that we have
our disc inserted we'll move over to the
TV alright and what you want to do is
you want to hit the source button okay
now the source button is what we're
gonna tell the TV to go to the blu-ray
player so we hit that and it's gonna be
your HDMI to HDMI to is gonna be your
blu-ray player and as soon as you click
that you'll see it comes up right so
once you've got your disc in there it
shows you've got a disc right down there
right cause DVD we're on video we just
hit enter again enter is that Center and
be right across all right looks like the
return key and there it is and now we've
got the menu up here and here you can do
that and then you just hit enter on that
flash chart and now your video will
start so that'll be it's the exact same
thing whether you used DVD or even a
music CD the music CD obviously won't
have pictures but it'll give you a
tracklist right okay you can pick the
different track lists and this is all
covered in there
manual as well under the is it the
audio-visual you'll have an owner's
manual for the televisions for the
blu-ray player that will come with your
trailer along with that QuickStart guide
that's very specific yep great yep all
right well thanks Chris mm-hmm remember
proper maintenance and care will keep
you and your Airstream happy for years
to come find more tips on Airstream comm
or visit your local Airstream dealer
you